weapons\assault rifle\bullet
weapons\assault rifle\melee
weapons\pistol\bullet
weapons\pistol\melee
globals\vehicle_collision
globals\falling
globals\distance
weapons\plasma rifle\bolt
weapons\plasma rifle\melee
weapons\shotgun\pellet
weapons\shotgun\melee
weapons\sniper rifle\sniper bullet
weapons\sniper rifle\melee
weapons\rocket launcher\explosion
weapons\rocket launcher\melee
weapons\plasma_cannon\effects\plasma_cannon_explosion
weapons\plasma_cannon\effects\plasma_cannon_melee
weapons\flamethrower\impact damage
weapons\flamethrower\explosion
weapons\flamethrower\melee
weapons\plasma pistol\bolt
weapons\plasma rifle\charged bolt
weapons\plasma pistol\melee
weapons\flag\melee
weapons\ball\melee
vehicles\scorpion\shell explosion
vehicles\scorpion\bullet
vehicles\ghost\ghost bolt
vehicles\warthog\bullet
weapons\rocket launcher\explosion
vehicles\banshee\banshee bolt
vehicles\banshee\mp_fuel rod explosion
vehicles\c gun turret\mp bolt
weapons\needler\detonation damage
weapons\needler\explosion
weapons\needler\melee
weapons\frag grenade\explosion
weapons\plasma grenade\attached
weapons\plasma grenade\explosion
